Don't worry.
Been with him for so long
Can you be in such a hurry?
Ah you
You are not afraid of being seen by my boyfriend.
See it when you see it
Even if he did
I can crush him with one hand
But think about it.
If he sees us both like this
How wonderful the expression should be
You are so pretty.
Come and learn how Lu Chaoyue calls his husband. Listen to it?
Lu Chaoyue is the president
Are you shouting? You actually take me as his replacement
Xiao Fan, why are you here?
Two damn good things
Do you want to die?
How did it go?
Is Lao Tzu's performance wonderful?
Your girlfriend's cry
Ecstasy or not?
Hahaha, I should be under the car, right?
Xiao Fan, what did I actually explain to him?
What else can he do?
Yes!
What could I do?
I'm just a little security guard
And you, Sun Zhifei
Sun Shao
He is the son of the second largest shareholder of Nanyun Group
It's good to know, I know your mother
I can tell you
I have practiced taekwondo
Just ten little security guards like you
He can't beat me